# Targeting a free viral fraction enhances the early alert potential of wastewater surveillance for SARS-CoV-2: a methods comparison spanning the transition between Delta and Omicron Variants in a large urban center
Zhao et al., 2023. Froniters in Public Health
Corresponding author: Dr. Irene Xagoraraki, Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering, Michigan State University, East Lansing, MI, USA. Email: xagorara@msu.edu
Please refer to "DTW_N1_methods.R" for using DTW method to analyze the similarity between time series data generated by VIRADEL, PEG or Filtration methods, where N1 data was presented here as an example.
Please refer to "TLCC_code_example.R" for using TLCC to estimate the lag time. In the file, the example code was shown here but it needs to be fit into certain conditions with specific requirements.
Please refer to "Linear_inter_VIRADEL.R" as an example code used for linear interpolation. This file presents linear interpolation using N1 gene concentration in gc/L for VIRADEL measurements.
Please refer to "Pearson_N1.R" as an example for calculating the correlation between the N1-gene measurements of each methods including VIRADEL, PEG and filtration.
Please refer to "Clinical_cases_county.R" as an example using ggplot to visualize the COVID-19 cases in Detroit area.
Please refer to "Example_data_COVID-19_cases.xlsx" for the total daily COVID-19 cases in Detroit area.
Please refer to "Example_data_VIRADEL.xlsx" for the total N1 and N2 gene concentrations generated by VIRADEL method for the Detroit area.
Please note: we are not allowed to share all the original data of COVID-19 wastewater measurements due to Michigan Department of Health and Human Services requirements/regulations. To obtain all the raw data, interested individuals must contact Professor Irene Xagoraraki for more information.

3/6/2023
